Adding new release notes entry (#1158)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2020-05-0/index.md

| [Logging of successful password import](#logging-of-successful-password-import)                                                                                     | May 6, 2020              |
| [Rate limit headers no longer returned on cached static endpoints](#rate-limit-headers-no-longer-returned-on-cached-static-endpoints)                               | May 6, 2020              |
| [OAuth for Okta enabled for Trusted Origins, Sessions, and Custom Templates APIs](#oauth-for-okta-enabled-for-trusted-origins-sessions-and-custom-templates-apis)   | May 6, 2020              |
| [Updated behavior for logging of invalid use by OAuth 2.0 Client](#updated-behavior-for-logging-of-invalid-use-by-oauth-2-0-client)                                 | May 6, 2020              |
| [Bugs fixed in 2020.05.0](#bugs-fixed-in-2020-05-0)                                                                                                                 | May 6, 2020              |

### Logging of successful password import

> A Syslog Event is now generated with details about the success or failure of the password import attempt when a user with an imported password has successfully logged in to Okta. <!-- OKTA-283126 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A System Log Event is now generated with details about the success or failure of the password import attempt when a user with an imported password has successfully signed in to Okta. <!-- OKTA-283126 -->
```

### Rate limit headers no longer returned on cached static endpoints

Rate limits do not apply to these OAuth public metadata endpoints, so rate limit headers will no longer be returned:

* `/oauth2/v1/keys`
* `/.well-known/openid-configuration`
* `/.well-known/oauth-authorization-server`
* `/oauth2/{authorizationServerId}/v1/keys`
* `/oauth2/{authorizationServerId}/.well-known/openid-configuration`
* `/oauth2/{authorizationServerId}/.well-known/oauth-authorization-server`
<!-- OKTA-289849 -->

### OAuth for Okta enabled for Trusted Origins, Sessions, and Custom Templates APIs

> OAuth for Okta is now enabled for the Trusted Origins API, the Sessions API, and the Custom Templates API. See [Scopes & supported endpoints](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta/scopes/). <!-- OKTA-286819 -->

Reviewer: We should link to the respective API reference pages.

Author: Thanks, just updated that.

### Updated behavior for logging of invalid use by OAuth 2.0 Client

> The [previously announced logging behavior](https://developer.okta.com/docs/release-notes/2017-23/#additional-logging-for-invalid-use-by-oauth-2-0-client) has been updated. Invalid client_secret warnings are now triggered by 5 invalid attempts (consecutive or not) within a 24 hour period. <!-- OKTA-288030 -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [previously announced logging behavior](/docs/release-notes/2017-23/#additional-logging-for-invalid-use-by-oauth-2-0-client) has been updated. Invalid `client_secret` warnings are now triggered by 5 invalid attempts (consecutive or not) within a 24 hour period. <!-- OKTA-288030 -->
```

### Bugs fixed in 2020.05.0

> * When logging in a federated user using the `/oauth/v1/authorize` endpoint with consent enabled and the prompt parameter set to login, the widget failed with an error. (OKTA-290760)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When signing in a federated user using the `/oauth/v1/authorize` endpoint with consent enabled and the `prompt` parameter set to `login`, the Sign-In Widget failed with an error. (OKTA-290760)
```
